Update Athena/QuickSight steps in Operational Guide (#74)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-amazon-marketing-cloud: docs/operational_guide/partner_editable/additional_info.adoc

NOTE: If your AMC S3 bucket contained data before deployment of this solution, the data lake does not pick up that data automatically. You must run workflows after deployment to start this process. 

== Query your data with Athena

> As part of the solution, an Athena Workgroup is automatically created. When used, your query results will be stored in the `-athena` S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the solution, an Athena workgroup is automatically created. When it's used, your query results are stored in the `-athena` S3 bucket.
```

. Open the Athena console.
. From the sidebar, choose *Query editor*.

> . From the top menu, choose the dropdown *Workgroup* and select the `wfm-` Workgroup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the top menu, choose the dropdown *Workgroup* and select the `wfm-` workgroup.
```

. Navigate to *Security & Permissions*.
. Under *QuickSight access to AWS services*, choose *Manage*.
. Find *Athena* in the list. Clear the box by Athena, and then select it again to enable Athena. Then choose *Next*.

> . Under *S3 Bucket*, choose the `-stage` S3 bucket to grant QuickSight read access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under *S3 Bucket*, choose `-stage` to grant QuickSight read access.
```

`arn:aws:quicksight:<REGION_NAME>:<ACCOUNT_ID>:user/default/<QUICKSIGHT_USERNAME>`

> * To collect ARNS programmatically, run the following command in your terminal (Linux or macOS) or at your command prompt (Windows): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To collect ARNS programmatically, run the following command in your terminal (Linux or macOS) or at your command prompt (Windows), replacing the information in brackets: 
```

. Create an Athena connection profile.
.. Under *FROM NEW DATA SOURCES*, choose the *Athena* data source card.
.. For *Data source name*, enter a descriptive name.

> .. For *Athena Workgroup*, choose `[primary]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. For *Athena Workgroup*, choose *[primary]*.
```
